welcome to beautiful Rio Grande in the
first round of the Puerto Rico Open take
a look at amateur Geronimo esteve who is
from Puerto Rico with his putt he's also
a general manager of her car dealership
in Orlando keep teasing putt like that
he want to sell and we won't need to
sell as many cars how about Bo Van Pelt
that could be the shot of the day right
there van Pelt finished with a 1-over
par 73 this is trevor immelman the
former masters champion on number 15 tap
that in for birdie he'd finished also
with a 1-over par 73 he is five back of
a leader Andres Romero with this
approach at number 18 looks to get it
close and he would he finished with an
even-par 72 Brendon de Young who was up
and down all day needed that birdie got
it finished with a 1-under par 71 the
defending champion Chesson Hadley 6-foot
460 pounds had four birdies on the day
one right there for number ten hole and
he had a bogey in a double bogey he
would finish look at this approach shot
number 17 he would finish with a 1-under
par 71 he is just three back of the
leader how about the story of 48 yo
Billy Mayfair winner of over 20 million
dollars on the PGA Tour it hasn't want
to turn him in 17 years he looked pretty
good here here on number six he was at
100 party would not that one in for
birdie on his fourth last hole and then
here on number eight goes for birdie
again he finished strong two birdies in
his last four holes and he would finish
with a
three under par 69 he's just one stroke
back of the leader rookie mark Hubbard
25 years old don't forget round 2
coverage tomorrow 6 p.m. eastern time on
Golf Channel